# Privacy Policy for Androidx release notes copier

## Privacy Policy

Last updated: October 05, 2023

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Free Privacy Policy Generator.

### Interpretation and Definitions

#### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Application** refers to Androidx release notes copier, the software program provided by the Company.

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Androidx release notes copier.

- **Country** refers to: India

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer browser on a desktop, mobile phone or a tablet

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Service** refers to the Application.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

No data is collected.

### Use of Your Personal Data

Since no data is collected, there is going to be no usage of it.

### Retention of Your Personal Data

Since no data is collected, there is not going to be any retention of it.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Since no data is collected, there is not going to be any transfer of it.

### Delete Your Personal Data

No data is collected.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

#### Law enforcement

No data is collected.

### Security of Your Personal Data

Since no data is collected, your information is safe with you.

## Children's Privacy

Since no personal data is collected, children's privacy is safe with us.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: me@vighnesh153.dev

---

Generated using Free Privacy Policy Generator
